So what have we achieved so far?
Before we dive into that, you might have noticed that the website and the dev tools are a bit smaller
when comparing it to the previous modules.
The reason for that is that I decreased the zoom level, I'm now at 100% zoom
and the reason for that is that now the pixels you see right here when we change the width in the developer
tools, the 1500 pixels right here for example are exactly equal to the pixels we
define in our code.
This will become important throughout this module as we will work a lot with this
changing the width thing right here,
therefore I hope you can still read all the core content on the website
but I think this is the better approach to really get the connection between the code and the actual
site width right here.
So with that, what have we achieved so far?
Well we have our starting page which looks nice on the desktop device.
The same thing is true for packages,
still not perfect yet
as you can see with the footer down here for example and the customers page, also nice, we see also a footer
problem but these are things we can definitely solve
but if we now go back to our starting page for example and decrease the width like that right here,
well then you can see that our site adjusts to this smaller width but we have a lot of issues,
for example the nav bar up here is kind of a mess,
then we can see that the different plans are also not really well organized.
We can see that the pricing right here is outside of the box,
the same thing is true for recommended
or also if we decrease it further, for the text right here and we can see that our svgs right here are also
not displayed correctly,
so basically our website is only partially responsive at the moment.
We have additional issues, for example this hamburger menu right here is visible all the time, although
we actually only need it on the mobile device.
So what we need, we need concepts and tools to make the site responsive and for that, we first have to understand
the difference between hardware or device pixels and software or CSS pixels.